It is hard to play guitar today
Today why when you say I do are taking wearing this t-shirt It Well
And it it is also will talk later
Last week here is a book that i will teach you how to enjoy iphone photos
I took a review video though
It is a fact, whether now how much is now little difficult thing after taking the video
Said mast
Please include the following video
Well then jalana
there were
The
Yeah yeah yeah
this
Huh
Buch 2
me
road
e 7
Thank you
Moulin
ni
Well whereabouts unknown Toka such a thing is said that chan I'm not at all
Yes
Actually, today is Saturday, March 23, 2013
A theater company called youtube space tokyo in Roppongi
Squash 's talking vampire gap man was made into the subject
There was a workshop there
There was such a thing to try to edit the video using the material of the gap man
Ne I made the video on the spot, but it is unclear
I forgot to wear this t-shirt despite the fact that this troupe is a little three times
Hopefully
Then the main part of the video is already done because it is no good, but after all canoe video
So bad it is and do not play it
I 'm adding this video to the head and the end today
That's why I'm wearing this t-shirt
Yes
Then it was theatrical company watermark from again